### 主要问题：

Although there has been extensive research devoted to community discovery, most of it is restricted to single-relational networks. However, focus has been shifted to multi-relational networks in the recent years. 

### 解决方法：

In this study, we aim to discover communities in the multi-relational networks through relational learning. Our main focus is the utilization of non-negative tensor factorization and GA k-means clustering for community discovery. In order to incorporate the relational characteristics of the data in the learning methodology, tensors are used to model the multi-relational network. Tensor factorization reveals the latent features of the data and shows state-of-the-art results for multi-relational learning. Once the implicit information is obtained by factorization, we apply a GA k-means clustering algorithm for community discovery. 


### 具体措施

1. 张量的每个正面切片表示对应于多关系网络的一个关系的邻接矩阵。
Each frontal slice of the tensor represents the adjacency matrix corresponding to one relation of the multi-relational network. Given a multi-relational network MNet = {Ai | 1 ≤ i ≤ m} with a set of n entities {E1, E2 , …, En}, which are related to each other with m types of relations {R1, R2 , …, Rm}, a threeway tensor of size n × n × m is created, with each frontal slice i corresponding to the adjacency matrix Ai of the relation. A tensor entry xijk = 1 denotes the fact that ith entity and jth entity are related to each other in kth relation. Otherwise, for nonexisting and unknown relations, the entry is set to 0. It is to be noted that each relation in a multi-relational network can be undirected as well as directed. Figure 1 depicts the representation of the multi-relational network by a three-way tensor. In Figure 2, we have elaborated the modeling scheme with an example of a multi-relational network comprising a set of six entities {Alex, Bratt, David, John, Tina, Will} that are related to each other with two types of relations {Love, Hate}. 

2. RESCAL的最显著特征是实体通过潜在空间被唯一地表示。这种分解方法具有高度的可扩展性，可以有效应用于大量的关系数据。
The most distinctive feature of Rescal is that the entities are uniquely represented via the latent space. The other tensor factorization methods, like CP and Tucker, have two different latent representations of the entities depending on whether they form the subject or object in the relationship. This factorization method is highly scalable and can be applied effectively to the large volume of relational data. 


Q: 描述角度，一个是推荐算法，一个是统计关系学习，取决于之前做的人的工作还是现在比较热点？
基本假设：独立同分布，然而实际上并不是，于是非独立同分布的（http://baijiahao.baidu.com/s?id=1593384407412847382&wfr=spider&for=pc）  (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_relational_learning)，  基于关系数据的学习。

Q:如果切片表示关系，为什么不用几个矩阵，而是用一个张量？

A：The most distinctive feature of Rescal is that the entities are uniquely represented via the latent space. Rescal是关系学习的潜在因子模型，它将邻接张量X因式分解成单因子矩阵F和核心张量R。Rescal is a latent factor model for relational learning, which factorizes an adjacency tensor X  into a single factor matrix F and a core tensor R 


